1.
Question 1
Fill in the blank: ____ is the process of strengthening a system to reduce its vulnerability and attack surface.



Security hardening

Network hardening

Port filtering

SIEM

1 point
2.
Question 2
When performing security hardening, what is the goal with regards to the attack surface?



Mirror the attack surface

Hide the attack surface

Augment the attack surface

Reduce the attack surface

1 point
3.
Question 3
Fill in the blank: Requiring employees to turn off their personal devices while in secure areas is an example of a _____ security hardening practice.



physical

cloud-based

virtual

network-focused

1 point
4.
Question 4
An organization’s in-house security team has been authorized to simulate an attack on the organization’s website. The objective is to identify any vulnerabilities that are present. What does this scenario describe? 



A Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack

Packet sniffing

The Ping of Death

Penetration testing

1 point
5.
Question 5
Which of the following statements accurately describe OS hardening tasks? Select three answers. 



OS hardening is a set of procedures that maintain and improve OS security. 

When disposing of software, it is a best practice to delete any unused applications.

Some OS hardening tasks are performed at regular intervals, while others are performed only once.

Multi-factor authentication is a security measure requiring users to change passwords every month.

1 point
6.
Question 6
A security analyst reviews documentation about a firewall rule that includes a list of allowed and disallowed network ports. They compare it to the current firewall to ensure no changes have been made. What does this scenario describe?



Upgrading the interface between computer hardware and the user

Verifying user identity when accessing an OS

Responsibly managing applications

Checking baseline configuration

1 point
7.
Question 7
Multi-factor authentication (MFA) is an example of which type of hardening practice?



Network hardening

Attack surface

OS hardening

Network log analysis

1 point
8.
Question 8
In what way might port filtering be used to protect a network from an attack?



By blocking or allowing certain port numbers in order to limit unwanted communication

By helping analysts inspect, analyze, and react to security events based on their priority

By creating isolated subnets for each of the various departments within an organization

By increasing the attack surface within a business network

1 point
9.
Question 9
Which network hardening practice is used to create isolated subnets for different departments in an organization?



Cloud hardening

Patch updating

Network segmentation

Penetration testing

1 point
10.
Question 10
Fill in the blank: A ____ is a collection of servers or computers that stores resources and data in remote data centers that can be accessed via the internet



baseline configuration

patch update

SIEM

cloud network